Book Summary: 30 Days: Change Your Habits, Change Your Life: A Couple of Simple Steps
 Every Day to Create the Life You Want


Chapter#1
Remember: You are leading the life that you have chosen! How? This is because
we create our life every moment through our thoughts, beliefs, and expectations
and our mind is so powerful that it will give us what we ask for. The good thing
is that you can train your mind to give you only the things you want, and not the
things that you don’t want! And it gets even better: you can learn how to deal
with things that you can’t control in a more efficient and less painful manner.

Your happiness depends of YOU, and nobody else!

Simply reading the book won’t help you a lot, though. You have to take
ACTION!

You have to start doing and practicing the exercises and introducing new habits into your life.

It doesn’t matter what happened in your past. Your future is a clean sheet!

Every day brings with it the opportunity to start a
new life! You get to choose your identity at each and every moment! So who are
you going to be? It’s up to you to decide who you are going to be from this day
on. What are you going to do?

In 2008, when FC Barcelona’s coach Josep “Pep” Guardiola said:
“We can’t promise you titles, what we can promise you is effort and that
we will persist, persist, persist until the end. Fasten your seatbelts - we are going
to have fun”

Make some effort and persist, persist, persist! Don’t give up! Fasten your seatbelts and have some fun!

Chapter 2: Self-Discipline and Commitment

“It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action
and discipline that enabled us to follow through.” -Zig Ziglar

“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” -Napoleon Hill

"Self discipline is doing the things you need to do, even if you are not in the mood
for it"
These will keep you going towards your goals even when everything seems to go against you.
Your way to success and happiness is deeply connected to your willpower and commitment.

Self-discipline is like a muscle.
The more you train it, the better you get. If your self-discipline is weak right
now, start training it by setting yourself small, reachable goals. Write down the
success you have and keep in mind that you don't have limits - only the ones you
set for yourself.

Think for the reward not for the difficulty:
For example if you want to go running at 6 a.m. in the morning and you 
just don't seem to make it out of bed - imagine how good you will feel when you are at the fitness level
that you want to be at and how great you will look. Then jump out of bed, put on
your running clothes, and go! 

Take your commitments seriously beacuse if you won't follow your commitments then it'll hurt
your self-confidence, self-esteem....

Time to take action!
Ask yourself the following questions:
In what areas are you lacking self-discipline at the moment? Be completely
honest.
What benefits will you obtain if you had more self-discipline?
What will be your first step towards reaching your goal?
Write down your plan of action in small steps. Give yourself deadlines.
How will you know you've reached your goal of having more self-discipline in
_______?

Chapter 3: Take full responsibility for your life!
“Peak performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life
and everything that happens to you.” -Brian Tracy

"Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves
responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility.” -Sigmund Freud

There is only one person that's responsible for your life and that is YOU!
Not your boss, not your spouse, not your parents, not your friends, not your clients,
not the economy, not the weather. YOU!

The day we stop blaming others for everything that happens in our life, everything changes! 
It doesn’t matter what happens to you in your life; it matters what attitude you adopt.

Stop reacting to others and start responding. Reaction is automatic. Responding is consciously 
choosing your response.

If you are not part of the problem, then you also can’t be a
part of the solution , so think that "this or that failure is occured because you've done something wrong".

Gandhi said it very nicely: “They can’t take away our self-respect if we don’t give it to them.”

Ask yourself the following questions: Who are you blaming for your life
situation right now? (Your partner? Your boss? Your parents? Your friends?)
What would happen if you stopped blaming the others for what happens to you
in your life?

What would happen if you stopped suffering in your life and took the decision to
change it?

Action Step:
Write down five things that you can do in the coming week to start changing the
course and start taking charge of your life.

Chapter 4: Choices and Decisions
